MTM-52277 (#176)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0.md

* `DELETE /event/events` requires at least one of the following parameters: `source`, `dateFrom`, `dateTo`, `createdFrom`, `createdTo`
* `DELETE /measurements/measurement` requires at least one of the following parameters: `source`, `dateFrom`, `dateTo`

##### Breaking change in the Inventory API -- change of the default value for the `withChildren` parameter

As of release 10.20+, the default value for the `withChildren` parameter of the `GET /inventory/managedObjects` endpoint will be changed from `true` to `false`.
As a consequence, if a request is supposed to return child assets, devices and additions, a parameter `?withChildren=true` has to be provided in the query.
This change is necessary to improve the Inventory API performance.

##### Breaking change in REST APIs

> As of release 10.18+, wrong values for `pageSize` or `currentPage` result in a response code 422 instead of 500.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of release 10.18+, wrong values for `pageSize` or `currentPage` result in a 422 (Unprocessable entity) HTTP status code instead of a 500 (Internal server error) HTTP status code.
```

> As of release 10.18+, wrong value of `pageSize` or `currentPage` will result in response code of 422 instead of 500.

Reviewer 2: Optional:
* provide a list of wrong parameters that were causing 500 until now.

Author: Until now I have only examples of wrong parameters taken from our cucumber tests and they are so obvious like `currentPage=foo` so I'll skip this
